
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.107417                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1107416537000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1107416537000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1154312                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1871869                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2535871681                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 662872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   436.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   504088810                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     817446207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        17904192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           17926912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     16453696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        16453696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           279753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              280108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        257089                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             257089                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              20516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           16167532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16188048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         20516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14857730                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14857730                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14857730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             20516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          16167532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31045778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   238245990                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    64374651                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          5921                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           999                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   677335262                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2214833074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   504088810                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     817446207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             812630088                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   1951                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     9452832                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     46565906                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    812630088                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          1951                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1822855767                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          705741394                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3771                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1484                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            297557851                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           279904620                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     302620636                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   238245986                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   64374650                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2214833074                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          60772162                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1362109      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 505014452     61.78%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        4      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   8448046      1.03%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      374      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       68      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      108      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     214      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    186      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                238245926     29.15%     92.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                64374231      7.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  60      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                419      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  817446207                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.824108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           302620641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            682546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            443.370324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            759000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.824108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         605923828                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        605923828                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    237629941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       237629941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     64088086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       64088086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     301718027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        301718027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    301718027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       301718027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       616049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        616049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       286565                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       286565                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       902614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         902614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       902614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        902614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 105852609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 105852609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22446925000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  22446925000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 128299534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128299534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 128299534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128299534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    238245990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    238245990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     64374651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     64374651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    302620641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    302620641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    302620641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    302620641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 171824.983078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171824.983078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78331.006927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78331.006927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 142142.193673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142142.193673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 142142.193673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142142.193673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       657703                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            657703                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       616049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       616049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       286565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       286565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       902614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       902614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       902614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       902614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 105236560000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 105236560000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22160360000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22160360000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 127396920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 127396920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 127396920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 127396920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004452                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004452                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 170824.983078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170824.983078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77331.006927                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77331.006927                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 141142.193673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141142.193673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 141142.193673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141142.193673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 682034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           280.477560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677335262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1907986.653521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            439000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   280.477560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.547808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.547808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.603516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1354670879                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1354670879                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677334907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677334907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677334907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677334907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677334907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677334907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64073000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64073000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64073000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64073000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64073000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64073000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677335262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677335262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677335262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677335262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677335262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677335262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 180487.323944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180487.323944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 180487.323944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180487.323944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 180487.323944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180487.323944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           46                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                46                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63718000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63718000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 179487.323944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179487.323944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 179487.323944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179487.323944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 179487.323944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179487.323944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     46                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2045.619368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1585049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    518829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.055051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                    428500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.931287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.929857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2043.758225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.997929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  13199221                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 13199221                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       657703                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           657703                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           46                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               46                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            220068                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               220068                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               3063                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3063                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         161110                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            161110                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                164173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   164173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               164173                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  164173                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            63434                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               63434                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           355                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              355                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       454939                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          454939                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              518373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 518728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                355                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             518373                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                518728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  19387636500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   19387636500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63184000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     63184000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 102620831000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 102620831000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      63184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  122008467500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     122071651500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 122008467500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    122071651500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       657703                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       657703                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           46                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           46                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data        220068                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           220068                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          66497                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             66497                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            355                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       616049                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        616049                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            682546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               682901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           682546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              682901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.953938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.953938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.738479                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.738479                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.759470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.759595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.759470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.759595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 305634.777879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 305634.777879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 177983.098592                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177983.098592                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 225570.529236                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225570.529236                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 177983.098592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 235368.098840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 235328.826476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 177983.098592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 235368.098840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 235328.826476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               508448                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    508448                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        63434                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          63434                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          355                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       454939                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       454939                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         518373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            518728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        518373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           518728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18753296500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18753296500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59634000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59634000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  98071441000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  98071441000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59634000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 116824737500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 116884371500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 116824737500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 116884371500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.953938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.738479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.738479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.759470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.759595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.759470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.759595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 295634.777879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295634.777879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 167983.098592                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167983.098592                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 215570.529236                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215570.529236                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 167983.098592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 225368.098840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225328.826476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 167983.098592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 225368.098840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225328.826476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         516781                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 16152.509186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     1035137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                    280124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                      3.695281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                    418000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.941321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          6.645869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16144.921995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.985408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                   2350398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                  2350398                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       508448                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           508448                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                662                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                   662                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         237958                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            237958                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu.data                238620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                   238620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu.data               238620                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                  238620                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            62772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               62772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       216981                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          217336                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data              279753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                 280108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                355                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data             279753                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                280108                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  18048571500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   18048571500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55729000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  90568553000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  90624282000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      55729000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  108617124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     108672853500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 108617124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    108672853500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       508448                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       508448                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          63434                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             63434                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       454939                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        455294                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data            518373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total               518728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data           518373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total              518728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.989564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.989564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.476945                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.477353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.539675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.539990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.539675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.539990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 287525.831581                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 287525.831581                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 156983.098592                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 417403.150506                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 416977.776346                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 156983.098592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 388260.803280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 387967.689248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 156983.098592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 388260.803280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 387967.689248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks               257089                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                    257089                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        62772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          62772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       216981                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       217336                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         279753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            280108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        279753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           280108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  17420851500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17420851500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52179000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  88398743000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  88450922000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 105819594500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 105871773500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 105819594500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 105871773500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.476945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.477353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.539675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.539990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.539675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.539990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 277525.831581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 277525.831581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 146983.098592                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 407403.150506                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 406977.776346                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 146983.098592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 378260.803280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 377967.689248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 146983.098592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 378260.803280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 377967.689248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.replacements                         263740                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        543551                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       263443                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             217336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       257089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             62772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            62772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        217336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       823659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       823659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 823659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34380608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total     34380608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                34380608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            280108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  280108    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              280108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1571909500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1400542500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1585049                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       902148                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            669                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          669                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            616404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1166151                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           46                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           32961                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          220068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         220068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            66497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           66497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       616049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2487262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2488018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     85775936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               85801600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          517078                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  32540672                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1420047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000471                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021700                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                1419378     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    669      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            1420047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1450273500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            532500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1133853000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1035137                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       516409                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            297                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          297                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1107416537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            455294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       765537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           14612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            63434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           63434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       455294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      1553865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     65739264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                          263740                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                  16453696                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples           782468                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.019479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                 782171     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                    297      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total             782468                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1026016500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy         778092000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
