
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093630                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93629957000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                93629957000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1085027                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1786519                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2278351364                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 657992                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    41.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    44589708                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73417846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1243904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1266688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1037056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1037056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            19436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               19792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             243341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           13285321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              13528662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        243341                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           243341                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        11076113                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             11076113                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        11076113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            243341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          13285321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             24604775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    20877740                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5816533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           166                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           106                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    59916899                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        187259914                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    44589708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      73417846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              72895922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   1951                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      944900                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4232451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     72895922                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          1951                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           163691569                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           63686406                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3771                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1484                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             27636614                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            24933081                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      26694269                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    20877737                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5816532                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  187259914                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           5574735                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                175846      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  45543773     62.03%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        4      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1002994      1.37%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      374      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       68      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      108      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     214      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    186      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 20877677     28.44%     92.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 5816113      7.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  60      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                419      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   73417846                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           510.075521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            26694273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             45440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            587.461994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            759000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   510.075521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          53433986                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         53433986                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20839003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20839003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5806293                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5806293                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      26645296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         26645296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     26645296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        26645296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        38737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         38737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        10240                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10240                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        48977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          48977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        48977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         48977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5601618000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5601618000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1397253500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1397253500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   6998871500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6998871500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6998871500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6998871500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20877740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20877740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      5816533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5816533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     26694273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26694273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     26694273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26694273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 144606.396985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144606.396985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 136450.537109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136450.537109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 142901.188313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142901.188313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 142901.188313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142901.188313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        43436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             43436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        38737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        10240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        48977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        48977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5562881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5562881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1387013500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1387013500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6949894500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6949894500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6949894500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6949894500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 143606.396985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143606.396985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 135450.537109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135450.537109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 141901.188313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141901.188313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 141901.188313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141901.188313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                  44928                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           281.278952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            59916899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          168305.896067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            439000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   281.278952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.549373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.549373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.605469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         119834154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        119834154                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     59916543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        59916543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      59916543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         59916543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     59916543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        59916543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     69250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     69250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     69250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     59916899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     59916899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     59916899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     59916899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     59916899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     59916899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 194522.471910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194522.471910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 194522.471910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194522.471910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 194522.471910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194522.471910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           46                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                46                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68894000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68894000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 193522.471910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193522.471910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 193522.471910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193522.471910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 193522.471910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193522.471910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     46                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2019.899520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       94307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     24191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.898433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                    428500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        1.410630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         10.878277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2007.610613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.005312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.980279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1884                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    778647                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   778647                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        43436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            43436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           46                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               46                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data              3537                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 3537                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          21366                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             21366                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 21628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    21628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                21628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   21628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             6441                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6441                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           356                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              356                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               23812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  24168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              23812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 24168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1331764000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1331764000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68358500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     68358500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5280432000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5280432000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      68358500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    6612196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       6680554500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68358500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6612196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      6680554500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        43436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           46                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           46                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data          3537                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             3537                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           6703                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6703                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            356                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        38737                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         38737                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             45440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                45796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            45440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               45796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.960913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.960913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.448434                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.448434                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.524032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.527732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.524032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.527732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 206763.546033                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 206763.546033                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 192018.258427                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192018.258427                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 303979.736342                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 303979.736342                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 192018.258427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 277683.352931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 276421.487090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 192018.258427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 277683.352931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 276421.487090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                21484                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     21484                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         6441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          23812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             24168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         23812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            24168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1267354000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1267354000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64798500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64798500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5106722000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5106722000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64798500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6374076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6438874500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64798500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6374076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6438874500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.960913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.448434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.524032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.527732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.524032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.527732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 196763.546033                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196763.546033                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 182018.258427                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182018.258427                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 293979.736342                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293979.736342                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 182018.258427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 267683.352931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266421.487090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 182018.258427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 267683.352931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266421.487090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                          22143                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                  2014.747820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                       45708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     39185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                      1.166467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                    418000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1229.288887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          8.018653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        777.440281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.600239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.379610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1929                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                    131217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                   131217                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        21484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            21484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                 36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data           4340                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4340                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu.data                  4376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                     4376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu.data                 4376                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                    4376                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             6405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                6405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        13031                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           13387                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data               19436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  19792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                356                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data              19436                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 19792                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1196125000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1196125000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60882500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4835285000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   4896167500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      60882500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    6031410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       6092292500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60882500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6031410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      6092292500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        21484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           6441                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6441                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         17727                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data             23812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total                24168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data            23812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total               24168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.994411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.994411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.750158                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.755176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.816227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.818934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.816227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.818934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 186748.633880                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186748.633880                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 171018.258427                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 371060.164224                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 365740.457160                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 171018.258427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 310321.568224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 307815.910469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 171018.258427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 310321.568224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 307815.910469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks                16204                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                     16204                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          308                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           308                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         6405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        13031                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        13387                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          19436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             19792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         19436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            19792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1132075000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1132075000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     57322500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4704975000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4762297500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     57322500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5837050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5894372500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     57322500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5837050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5894372500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.750158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.816227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.818934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.816227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.818934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 176748.633880                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176748.633880                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 161018.258427                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 361060.164224                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355740.457160                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 161018.258427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 300321.568224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297815.910469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 161018.258427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 300321.568224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297815.910469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.replacements                          37137                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         39117                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        19325                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         13387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        56104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total        56104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  56104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2303744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      2303744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2303744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             19792                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   19792    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               19792                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           104033000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           98963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        94307                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        48511                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           4181                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4181                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             39093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        64920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           46                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           23076                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6703                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6703                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        38737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       142882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                143640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5688064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5713792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           43068                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1374976                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            92401                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.045248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.207850                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  88220     95.48%     95.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4181      4.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              92401                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           90635500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            534000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          69928500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        46032                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21848                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          20925                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        20925                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93629957000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             17727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        37688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           21297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        17727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side        70184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      2921728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                           37137                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                   1037056                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples            61321                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.341237                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.474129                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                  40396     65.88%     65.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                  20925     34.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total              61321                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           44507984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy          36252016                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
