
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.088023                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 88022818000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                88022818000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1416904                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2332960                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2797053957                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 661832                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    31.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    44589708                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73417846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          414528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             437312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             6477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                6833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             258842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data            4709324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               4968166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        258842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           258842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            258842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data           4709324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              4968166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    20877740                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5816533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           166                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           106                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    59916899                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        176045636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    44589708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      73417846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              72895922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   1951                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      944900                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4232451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     72895922                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          1951                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           163691569                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           63686406                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3771                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1484                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             27636614                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            24933081                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      26694269                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    20877737                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5816532                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  176045636                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           5574735                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                175846      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  45543773     62.03%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        4      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1002994      1.37%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      374      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       68      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      108      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     214      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    186      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 20877677     28.44%     92.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 5816113      7.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  60      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                419      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   73417846                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           509.952930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            26694273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             45440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            587.461994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            759000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   509.952930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          53433986                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         53433986                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20839003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20839003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5793822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5793822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      26632825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         26632825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     26632825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        26632825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        38737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         38737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        22711                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        22711                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        61448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          61448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        61448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         61448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    885427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    885427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    532562000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    532562000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1417989000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1417989000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1417989000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1417989000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20877740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20877740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      5816533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5816533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     26694273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26694273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     26694273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26694273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22857.397320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22857.397320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23449.517855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23449.517855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23076.243328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23076.243328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23076.243328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23076.243328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        43606                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             43606                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        38737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        22711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        61448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        61448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        61448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        61448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    846690000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    846690000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    509851000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    509851000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1356541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1356541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1356541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1356541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003905                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003905                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21857.397320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21857.397320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22449.517855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22449.517855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22076.243328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22076.243328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22076.243328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22076.243328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                  44928                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           281.278135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            59916899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          168305.896067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            439000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   281.278135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.549371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.549371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.605469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         119834154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        119834154                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     59916543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        59916543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      59916543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         59916543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     59916543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        59916543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55464500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55464500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55464500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55464500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55464500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55464500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     59916899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     59916899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     59916899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     59916899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     59916899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     59916899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 155799.157303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155799.157303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 155799.157303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155799.157303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 155799.157303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155799.157303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           46                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                46                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55108500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55108500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55108500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55108500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55108500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55108500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 154799.157303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154799.157303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 154799.157303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154799.157303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 154799.157303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154799.157303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     46                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2018.109492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      106778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     24191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.413956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                    428500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        1.442693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         11.550932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2005.115867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.005640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.979060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1884                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    878415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   878415                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        43606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            43606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           46                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               46                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data             16008                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                16008                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          21366                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             21366                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 21628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    21628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                21628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   21628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             6441                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6441                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           356                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              356                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               23812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  24168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              23812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 24168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    304949000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     304949000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54573000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     54573000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    564241000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    564241000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      54573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     869190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        923763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    869190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       923763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        43606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           46                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           46                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         16008                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            16008                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           6703                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6703                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            356                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        38737                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         38737                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             45440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                45796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            45440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               45796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.960913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.960913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.448434                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.448434                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.524032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.527732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.524032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.527732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47344.977488                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47344.977488                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 153294.943820                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153294.943820                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32481.779978                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32481.779978                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 153294.943820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36502.183773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38222.567031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 153294.943820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36502.183773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38222.567031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                21749                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     21749                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         6441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          23812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             24168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         23812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            24168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    240539000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    240539000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51013000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51013000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    390531000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    390531000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51013000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    631070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    682083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51013000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    631070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    682083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.960913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.448434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.524032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.527732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.524032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.527732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37344.977488                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37344.977488                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 143294.943820                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143294.943820                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22481.779978                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22481.779978                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 143294.943820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26502.183773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28222.567031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 143294.943820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26502.183773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28222.567031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                          22143                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                  6323.788519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                       46016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                      6833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                      6.734377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                    418000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        316.347864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       6007.440655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.019308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.366665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.385973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          6832                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.416992                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                     98865                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                    98865                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        21749                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            21749                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                 61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          17274                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             17274                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu.data                 17335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                    17335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu.data                17335                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                   17335                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             6380                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                6380                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             453                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                6477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                   6833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                356                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data               6477                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                  6833                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    169047500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     169047500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47097000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     18073000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     65170000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      47097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     187120500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total        234217500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    187120500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total       234217500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        21749                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21749                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           6441                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6441                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         17727                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data             23812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total                24168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data            23812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total               24168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.990529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.990529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.025554                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.272006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.282729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.272006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.282729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 26496.473354                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26496.473354                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 132294.943820                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 186319.587629                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143863.134658                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 132294.943820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28889.995368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34277.403776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 132294.943820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28889.995368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34277.403776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         6380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          453                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           6477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total              6833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          6477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total             6833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    105247500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105247500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43537000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     17103000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60640000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    122350500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    165887500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    122350500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    165887500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.990529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.272006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.282729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.272006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.282729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16496.473354                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16496.473354                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 122294.943820                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 176319.587629                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133863.134658                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 122294.943820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18889.995368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24277.403776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 122294.943820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18889.995368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24277.403776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.replacements                              1                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6833                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        13666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total        13666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       437312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total       437312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  437312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              6833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    6833    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                6833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6836000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           34168000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       106778                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        60982                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            296                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          296                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             39093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        65355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           46                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1717                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           16008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          16008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6703                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6703                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        38737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       167824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                168582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5698944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5724672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           22144                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1391936                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            83948                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.059276                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  83652     99.65%     99.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    296      0.35%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              83948                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           97041000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            534000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          76164000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        46016                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21848                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88022818000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             17727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        21749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        17727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side        70184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      2938688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               1                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples            24169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.006432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                  24168    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total              24169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           44757000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy          36252000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
