
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.962473                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1962472606000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1962472606000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1507353                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2414515                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3175059160                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 662860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   618.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   931679907                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1492387782                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1094464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1116928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        44288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           44288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            17101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              11447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             557696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                569143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         11447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            11447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           22567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                22567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           22567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             11447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            557696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               591711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   382684107                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    56342483                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                       7936442                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           272                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                  1449455636                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3924945212                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   931679907                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1492387782                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            1491881068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   1951                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1080242                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     29571459                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   1491881068                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          1951                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          2934935046                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         1545692949                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3771                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1484                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            159199326                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           523310538                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     439026587                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   382684105                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   56342482                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3924945212                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          30742411                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                505293      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 915024156     61.31%     61.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                135270004      9.06%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   2560782      0.17%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      374      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       68      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      108      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     214      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    186      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                382684045     25.64%     96.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                56342063      3.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  60      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                419      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                 1492387782                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.895477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           439026590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3126820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            140.406736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            759000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.895477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         881180000                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        881180000                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    379577555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       379577555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     56322215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       56322215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     435899770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        435899770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    435899770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       435899770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      3106552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3106552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        20268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3126820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3126820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3126820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3126820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  75969605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75969605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1078243500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1078243500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  77047848500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77047848500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  77047848500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77047848500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    382684107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    382684107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     56342483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     56342483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    439026590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    439026590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    439026590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    439026590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24454.638133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24454.638133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53199.304322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53199.304322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24640.960625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24640.960625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24640.960625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24640.960625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1433303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1433303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3106552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3106552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        20268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3126820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3126820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3126820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3126820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  72863053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  72863053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1057975500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1057975500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  73921028500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  73921028500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  73921028500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  73921028500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23454.638133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23454.638133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52199.304322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52199.304322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23640.960625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23640.960625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23640.960625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23640.960625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                3126308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           281.947166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1449455636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          4129503.236467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            439000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   281.947166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.550678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.550678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.607422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2898911623                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2898911623                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1449455285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1449455285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1449455285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1449455285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1449455285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1449455285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     69706000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69706000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     69706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     69706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1449455636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1449455636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1449455636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1449455636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1449455636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1449455636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 198592.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 198592.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 198592.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 198592.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 198592.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 198592.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           40                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                40                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     69355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     69355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     69355000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69355000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 197592.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197592.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 197592.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197592.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 197592.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197592.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     40                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2046.630429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     6253519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1710859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.655193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                    428500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.006127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.508337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2046.115966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.999080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          800                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  51739011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 51739011                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1433303                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1433303                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           40                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               40                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               3273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1413056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1413056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1416329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1416329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1416329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1416329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            16995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               16995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           351                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              351                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1710491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1710842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                351                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1710491                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1710842                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    993207000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     993207000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68827500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     68827500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  53366137000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  53366137000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      68827500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   54359344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      54428171500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68827500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  54359344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     54428171500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1433303                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1433303                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           40                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           40                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          20268                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             20268                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          351                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            351                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      3106552                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       3106552                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           3126820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3127171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          3126820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3127171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.838514                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.838514                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.545137                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.545137                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.547039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.547089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.547039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.547089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58441.129744                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58441.129744                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 196089.743590                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196089.743590                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31512.408060                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31512.408060                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 196089.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31779.964934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31813.675079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 196089.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31779.964934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31813.675079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1708428                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1708428                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16995                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          16995                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          351                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1710491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1710842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1710491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1710842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    823257000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    823257000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65317500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65317500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36431177000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36431177000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65317500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  37254434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37319751500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65317500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  37254434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37319751500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.838514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.545137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.547039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.547089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.547039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.547089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48441.129744                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48441.129744                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 186089.743590                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186089.743590                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21512.408060                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21512.408060                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 186089.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21779.964934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21813.675079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 186089.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21779.964934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21813.675079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        1708811                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 14224.492865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     3419363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     17452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                    195.929578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                    418000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        143.924092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      14080.568773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.008784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.859410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.868194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  13694904                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 13694904                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1708428                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1708428                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                  1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                     1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1693389                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1693389                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu.data               1693390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1693390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu.data              1693390                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1693390                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            16994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               16994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          351                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             458                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data               17101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  17452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                351                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data              17101                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 17452                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    636301500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     636301500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     61456500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     22136500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     83593000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      61456500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     658438000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total        719894500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     61456500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    658438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total       719894500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1708428                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1708428                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          16995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             16995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          351                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1693847                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data           1710491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1710842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data          1710491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1710842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.009998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.009998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37442.715076                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37442.715076                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 175089.743590                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 206883.177570                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182517.467249                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 175089.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38502.894568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41249.971350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 175089.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38502.894568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41249.971350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks                  692                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                       692                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          16994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          351                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          17101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             17452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         17101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            17452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    466361500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    466361500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     57946500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     21066500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79013000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     57946500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    487428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    545374500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     57946500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    487428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    545374500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27442.715076                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27442.715076                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 165089.743590                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 196883.177570                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172517.467249                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 165089.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28502.894568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31249.971350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 165089.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28502.894568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31249.971350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.replacements                           1068                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         18237                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          785                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               93                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             16994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            16994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        35689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total        35689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  35689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1161216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      1161216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1161216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   17452    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            21006500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           87261500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      6253519                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3126348                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            573                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          573                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3106903                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3141731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           40                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1693671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            20268                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           20268                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           351                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3106552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9379948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               9380690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    291847872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              291872896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1709094                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 109339392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4836265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000118                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.010884                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4835692     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    573      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4836265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4560102500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            526500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4690230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3419363                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1708521                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            283                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          283                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962472606000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1693847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1709120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            16995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           16995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1693847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      5130205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side    218833280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                            1068                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                     44288                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1711910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000165                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.012856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                1711627     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                    283      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            1711910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3418109500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2566263000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
