
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093703                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93702781000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                93702781000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1194784                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1967235                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2510770659                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 657996                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    37.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    44589708                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73417846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1273408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1296192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1058176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1058176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            19897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               20253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             243152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           13589863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              13833015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        243152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           243152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        11292899                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             11292899                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        11292899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            243152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          13589863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             25125914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    20877740                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5816533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           166                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           106                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    59916899                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        187405562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    44589708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      73417846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              72895922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   1951                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      944900                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4232451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     72895922                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          1951                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           163691569                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           63686406                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3771                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1484                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             27636614                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            24933081                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      26694269                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    20877737                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5816532                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  187405562                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           5574735                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                175846      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  45543773     62.03%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        4      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1002994      1.37%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      374      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       68      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      108      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     214      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    186      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 20877677     28.44%     92.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 5816113      7.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  60      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                419      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   73417846                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           510.077017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            26694273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             45440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            587.461994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            759000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   510.077017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          53433986                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         53433986                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20839003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20839003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5806541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5806541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      26645544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         26645544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     26645544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        26645544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        38737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         38737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         9992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        48729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          48729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        48729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         48729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5696013500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5696013500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1375944000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1375944000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   7071957500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7071957500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   7071957500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7071957500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20877740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20877740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      5816533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5816533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     26694273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26694273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     26694273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26694273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001718                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 147043.227405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147043.227405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 137704.563651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137704.563651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 145128.311683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145128.311683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 145128.311683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145128.311683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        43436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             43436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        38737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        48729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        48729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5657276500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5657276500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1365952000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1365952000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7023228500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7023228500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7023228500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7023228500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 146043.227405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146043.227405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 136704.563651                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136704.563651                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 144128.311683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144128.311683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 144128.311683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144128.311683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                  44928                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           281.281783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            59916899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          168305.896067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            439000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   281.281783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.549378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.549378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.605469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         119834154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        119834154                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     59916543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        59916543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      59916543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         59916543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     59916543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        59916543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     59916899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     59916899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     59916899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     59916899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     59916899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     59916899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 193089.887640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193089.887640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 193089.887640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 193089.887640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 193089.887640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193089.887640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           46                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                46                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68384000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68384000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68384000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68384000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68384000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68384000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 192089.887640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192089.887640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 192089.887640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192089.887640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 192089.887640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192089.887640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     46                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2019.921359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       94059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     24191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.888182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                    428500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        1.412590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         10.872041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2007.636729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.005309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.980291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1884                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    776663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   776663                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        43436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            43436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           46                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               46                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data              3289                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 3289                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          21366                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             21366                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 21628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    21628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                21628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   21628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             6441                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6441                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           356                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              356                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               23812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  24168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              23812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 24168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1313678500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1313678500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67848500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     67848500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5374827500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5374827500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      67848500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    6688506000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       6756354500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67848500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6688506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      6756354500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        43436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           46                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           46                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data          3289                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             3289                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           6703                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6703                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            356                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        38737                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         38737                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             45440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                45796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            45440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               45796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.960913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.960913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.448434                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.448434                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.524032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.527732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.524032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.527732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 203955.674585                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 203955.674585                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 190585.674157                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190585.674157                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 309413.821887                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 309413.821887                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 190585.674157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 280888.039644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 279557.865773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 190585.674157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 280888.039644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 279557.865773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                21341                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     21341                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         6441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          23812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             24168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         23812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            24168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1249268500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1249268500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64288500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64288500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5201117500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5201117500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64288500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6450386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6514674500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64288500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6450386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6514674500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.960913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.448434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.524032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.527732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.524032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.527732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 193955.674585                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193955.674585                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 180585.674157                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180585.674157                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 299413.821887                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299413.821887                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 180585.674157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 270888.039644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 269557.865773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 180585.674157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 270888.039644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 269557.865773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                          22143                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                  2020.754015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                       45536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     39675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                      1.147725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                    418000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1197.035265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         12.018702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        811.700048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.584490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.005869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.396338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1980                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                    775931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                   775931                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        21341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            21341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                 38                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    38                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data           3877                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              3877                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu.data                  3915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                     3915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu.data                 3915                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                    3915                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             6403                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                6403                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        13494                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           13850                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data               19897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  20253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                356                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data              19897                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 20253                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1178018500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1178018500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60372500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4945154000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5005526500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      60372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    6123172500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       6183545000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     60372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6123172500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      6183545000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        21341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           6441                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6441                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        17371                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         17727                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data             23812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total                24168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data            23812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total               24168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.994100                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.994100                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.776812                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.781294                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.835587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.838009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.835587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.838009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 183979.150398                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183979.150398                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 169585.674157                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 366470.579517                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 361409.855596                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 169585.674157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 307743.504046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 305315.015059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 169585.674157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 307743.504046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 305315.015059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks                16534                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                     16534                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          480                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           480                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         6403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          356                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        13494                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        13850                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          19897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             20253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         19897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            20253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1113988500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1113988500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     56812500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4810214000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4867026500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     56812500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5924202500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5981015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     56812500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5924202500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5981015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.776812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.781294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.835587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.838009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.835587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.838009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 173979.150398                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173979.150398                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 159585.674157                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 356470.579517                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 351409.855596                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 159585.674157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 297743.504046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295315.015059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 159585.674157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 297743.504046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295315.015059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.replacements                          37627                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         37804                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17551                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         13850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        57539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total        57539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  57539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2354368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      2354368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2354368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             20253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   20253    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               20253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           104081500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          101268500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        94059                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        48263                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1102                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1102                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             39093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        64777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           46                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           23368                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6703                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6703                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        38737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       142386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                143144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5688064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5713792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           43217                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1365824                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            92302                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.011939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.108612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  91200     98.81%     98.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1102      1.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              92302                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           90511500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            534000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          69804500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        46028                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21848                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          21074                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        21074                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  93702781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             17727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        37875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           21600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        17727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side        70184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      2912576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                           37627                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                   1058176                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples            61807                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.340965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.474037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                  40733     65.90%     65.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                  21074     34.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total              61807                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           44360988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy          36252012                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
